Money Transfer Service Scheme

Only cross border inward personal remittances are allowed under this scheme.
A cap of USD 2500 has been placed on individual remittances under the scheme.
Amounts to INR 50000 may be paid in cash to a beneficiary.
In addition 30 remittances can be received by a single individual beneficiary under the scheme during a 
Calendar  year.
Indian American California senator Kamala Harris has topped the foreign Ploicy magazine’s 2017 list of 50 leading Global Thinkers. She topped the list for 
giving the Democratic party hope in the era of President Donald Trump. Harris is the first ever Indian -American to be elected to US Senate. Seen as a potential
democractic presedential candidate Harris is the only blcak women in the Senate.

IMPS is an instant real time inter bank electronic fund transfer system in India. IMPS was publicly launched on November 22, 2010. Unlike the NEFT and RTGS the
service is available 24/7 throughout the year inclung bank holidays.


Fixe deposit is a financial instument provided by banks or NBFCs which provides a highr rate of interest than a regualr savings account untill the given maturity
date.	The tenure varies from a min of 7 days to max of 10 years. Tax is deducted by the banks on FDs  if interest paid to a customer at any bank exceeds 10000 rs 
in a financial year. Customers can avail loans against upto 80 - 90 percent of the value of deposits.

Sahitya Akademi awardee Bengali writer Nabadeeta Dev Sen has been declared winner of the Big Little book Award for year 2017 in the author in Bengali Language category.
The award is given for her contribution to the children's lierature. The award is given by Parag initiative of Tata Trsts to recognize and honor authors and 
illustrators of children's literature.

Tax Deduction Account Number or Tax Collection Account NUmber is a 10 digit alpha numeric number issued by the income tax department. TAN is to be obtained by all
persons who are responsible for deducting tax at source(TDS) or who are required to collect tax at source(TCS).	

The Public Provident Fund is a savings cum tax saving instrument introduced by the NAtional Savings Institute of the Ministry of Finance in1968. The principal invested
qualifies for deduction under section 80c of the income tax act 1961. And the interst earned is tax exempt under section 10. NRI s arenot allowed to open a PPF A/C.

The cabinet approved ONGC for acquiring majority 51.11% stake in HPCL(Hindustan Petroleum Corporation limited). ONGC's acquistion of 51.11% stake in HPCL is in live
with the governament's plan to create an integrated energy major with businesses spread across the hydrocarbon value chain. The government's stake in HPCL is sold to
ONGC for an amount of 26000 to 30000 crore.

RTGS is a fund transfer mechanism where tarnsfer ofmoney takes place from one bank to another on a real time on gross basis. The min amount to be remitted is 2 lakh 
rupees. There is no upper ceiling for transactions, though individual banks may set a limit.

The World's Local bank is the tagline of HSBC bank. HSBC babk plc is one of the largest banking and financial services organisation in the world. HSBC's international
network compromises around offices in over 80 countries and territories in Europe, the Asia Pacific region the Americas the Middle east and Africa. It was founded 
in 1865.

DCB bank a private sector bank has launched new services India's first Aadhaar based iris eye scan customer verification and finferprint operated in ATM in Telangana
on 16th of June. These services will include a customer's Aadhar number eye scan and fingerprint impression.
